hi and hello everyone today we're going
to find out how to get free fifa 15
coins and poised on 5th of 15 gen calm
choose your language we're going to
choose english right now this leaves you
to the home page here you can find out
more about the site itself and about the
team who's working behind this site you
can click on about us to find out who
the team that's been working behind the
5th 15 free points and coins you can see
the status of our coins and points in
the game beforehand before using this
tool can see the number is not highly
elevated we're going to work on this by
elevating our number by clicking on
generator tab you will broaden a page
here you'll be asked to enter your fifth
or username so i'm going to enter mine
once you are done with that you can
enter the amount of your coins that you
like to generate then the amount of
points any number can be entered under
you can
anti-ban protection and proxy servers
that are on by default once you're done
with this click on generate the server
script will start executing all you need
to do is to wait for a few seconds once
the server is finished what executing
the scripts a human verification process
will be needed in order to show the
server that you are indeed a human and
not a robot that's exploiting service
resources by clicking on the button you
are allowed to Hume verification page
you can read more about it here we're
going to click on human verification we
can choose between the list of offers to
complete in order to finish this
verification I'm going to choose this
one you can choose whichever you want in
this case it's a mobile offer so that
means that you need to enter your mobile
phone in order to verify your human need
to understand that even thought price is
indicated you will not pay anything if
you send stop to the same number they'll
send you your verification code once
you're done entering your number you
will receive a verification code on your
mobile phone
you need to enter it here and then send
stop to the same mobile phone number
that sent you the verification code in
order not to pay anything at all this is
one hundred percent free once you're
done entering your code click on confirm
we're going back to the game to see how
the number of points increases
drastically after using this generator
you can see that the numbers we entered
are present in the game so that's all
you need to do in order to rule your
play in fifth of 15 thanks guys for
watching and see you next time enjoy the
415 gen calm